docs: sso group sync and supabase attribute mapping (#3803)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/self-host-sso.mdx

ISSUER_SUB_CLAIM_OVERRIDES='{"https://login.microsoftonline.com/": "oid", "https://sts.windows.net/": "oid", "https://login.microsoftonline.us/": "oid", "https://login.partner.microsoftonline.cn/": "oid"}'
```

### SSO Groups Sync

<Note>
SSO Groups Sync on self-hosted requires LangSmith chart version **0.15.0-rc.3** (application version **0.15.1rc3**) or later.
</Note>

> [SSO Groups Sync](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative) lets LangSmith assign org and workspace roles from a group membership claim on the OIDC token at login time, as a lighter-weight alternative to [SCIM](/langsmith/user-management#set-up-scim-for-your-organization). On self-hosted, the IdP must be configured to include groups in the OIDC ID token before LangSmith can read them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SSO Groups Sync](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative) lets LangSmith assign org and workspace roles from a group membership claim on the OIDC token, as a simpler alternative to [SCIM](/langsmith/user-management#set-up-scim-for-your-organization). On self-hosted, you must configure the IdP to include groups in the OIDC ID token before LangSmith can read them.
```

**IdP-side configuration (varies by provider):**

> 1. Configure your IdP application to emit a group membership claim in the OIDC ID token. The source attribute and the resulting claim name vary by IdP — common examples include `groups`, `roles`, or a custom claim name. LangSmith does not dictate the source attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure your IdP application to emit a group membership claim in the OIDC ID token. The source attribute and the resulting claim name vary by IdP. Common examples include `groups`, `roles`, or a custom claim name. LangSmith does not dictate the source attribute.
```

3. Group names must follow the [SCIM naming convention](/langsmith/user-management#group-naming-convention) (e.g., `LS:Organization Admin`, `LS:Organization User:prod:Editor`). The separator is shared with SCIM via [`scim_group_name_separator`](/langsmith/user-management#configure-custom-separator).

**Helm configuration:**

If your IdP requires an additional OIDC scope to include groups in the token (commonly `groups`), add it to `oauthScopes`:

<CodeGroup>

```yaml Helm
config:
  authType: mixed
  hostname: https://langsmith.example.com
  oauth:
    enabled: true
    oauthClientId: <YOUR CLIENT ID>
    oauthClientSecret: <YOUR CLIENT SECRET>
    oauthIssuerUrl: <YOUR DISCOVERY URL>
    oauthScopes: "email,profile,openid,groups"
```

```bash Docker
# In your .env file
AUTH_TYPE=mixed
LANGSMITH_URL=https://langsmith.example.com
OAUTH_CLIENT_ID=your-client-id
OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET=your-client-secret
OAUTH_ISSUER_URL=https://your-issuer-url
OAUTH_SCOPES=email,profile,openid,groups
```

</CodeGroup>

The exact scope name (`groups`, `roles`, etc.) depends on your IdP. Check your IdP's OIDC documentation.

**LangSmith-side configuration:**

> Per-provider SSO Groups Sync settings are stored on the SSO provider record and toggled via the LangSmith UI or API — not via Helm values. Once your IdP emits the groups claim, configure SSO Groups Sync in **Settings** → **Members and roles** → **SSO Configuration** → **SSO Groups Sync**, or via the API as described in the [main SSO Groups Sync documentation](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative). The claim name configured in the **Groups claim field** must match the claim emitted by your IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per-provider SSO Groups Sync settings are stored on the SSO provider record and toggled via the [LangSmith UI](https://smith.langchain.com) or [API](/langsmith/reference) (not via Helm values). Once your IdP emits the groups claim, configure SSO Groups Sync from the UI in **Settings** → **Members and roles** → **SSO Configuration** → **SSO Groups Sync**. Or, via the API as described in the [main SSO Groups Sync documentation](/langsmith/user-management#sso-groups-sync-alternative). The claim name configured in the **Groups claim field** must match the claim emitted by your IdP.
```
